Why you choose to apply? Most appointment, technical phone screen, in depth... several engineers and hiring manager.

Resume- 10 to 15 seconds per resume.


Ownership/implementation/improvements... Highlight improvements

avoid embelishments, be honest and transprancy

online links and url... quoura...

bullets brief and concise

highlight project, don't worry too much about cover letter

Online profile, AngelList, Reddit, Quora, etc...
Build a following... get involved with open projects, potential to grow...

HACKATHONs
hackathon.io, startupweekend.org, devpost.com/hackathons...

take, pro-bono and volunteer coding projects.... freecodecam.com, codecloud.me

NETWORK
network.... meetups, company open houses, tech talks/summits....

contact the right person...

long term...
don't jump around too quickly, engineering teams are like systems and services... master craft first

show values and commitments for 1.5 to 2 years

pick projects that are complementary... increase challenges and scale.

work for today will be the ones tomorrow


Build niche skill set, 60% of job requirements...

make sure to speak in depth ofr 60 to 70% transparency...

not to apply for 3 to 4 jobs in 1 company.

Application Channels
-Referrals and recuriters... think good fit for a team, 
Agencies(apply to few companies) job boards are least effective...

Online Carrersite... internal CRM, holds application, 60 to 70% look at, have initial first conversation, back up... resume, get down to logistics

Recuiter phonescreen, tech stack, lanuage, expectations, location requirements, most important, why you choose to the job you applied for and sparked interest,
know how much invested in the company. Help improve in the company, real and honest answers, make original...

Avaliability, tech or phone screen

1st half, algorithm, speed, efficencty, edge case, optimization, test code, second half you you...

Areas own, and areas want to grow.

Onsite, - CS/Algorithms, problem sovling, how arrive at solution,

system architecture

cultrual alignment/ leadership capability, cross functionalal areas,

Hacker Rank and code pair...talk through pairing

breath... have death first..

Agency recuiting will give a lot of information...high level description feedback


Offer and Negotiation

Agency = hourly rate
corperate salary,

Agency recuiting, company pay certain rate

Ok to address as concern, not only objective

in it to improve company, look at skills, position what is offered.., relocate or recommunicate,  not to be used a leverage...


Thresholds, need to have buffer,

How many times to go back and forth? giving up skill set, another offer, can work for a company, ready to present, 3 days for offer, mirror other offer
bias and more aggressive for startups..., offers on the table, hear the offer from the recruiter first... throw down expectation higher

Vary depending on position, check glassdoor, ask peers and find out median.. create buffer

anaynaomous websies......

tech talks, find them, relocation can be used as leverage,

Resume lenght? do not embelish,

progressive and sub

Do both, apply on site and reach out, contact recuiters as well...

Looking for potentail to roles...
